docs(stats): fix link to 'minimal' preset (#3279)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/configuration/stats.md

### Extending stats behaviours

> If you want to use one of the pre-defined behaviours e.g. `'minimal'` but still override one or more of the rules, see [the source code](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/Stats.js#L1618-L1626). You would want to copy the configuration options from `case 'minimal': ...` and add your additional rules while providing an object to `stats`.

Reviewer: It changed again: 
```suggestion
If you want to use one of the pre-defined behaviours e.g. `'minimal'` but still override one or more of the rules, see [the source code](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/blob/master/lib/stats/DefaultStatsPresetPlugin.js#L68-L74). You would want to copy the configuration options from `case 'minimal': ...` and add your additional rules while providing an object to `stats`.
```

Reviewer 2: Yup this cannot go in, we need a reword like i suggested earlier or another similar solution without line binding: https://github.com/webpack/webpack.js.org/pull/3279#pullrequestreview-287697497
